what's going on guys rock here and this
is a game of team tactical Search and
Destroy 4v4 on silo and i thought i
would use this video is pretty quick to
do a question and answer session I've
never done one of those before and I
thought I'd give it a try and I got some
questions submitted via Twitter so let's
get right into him shall we our very
first question comes from Chris 7 Hanson
and he says what was your childhood like
my childhood was actually pretty good i
did not have any brothers or sisters to
compete with for my parents attention
that didn't make me a spoiled brat child
or anything though we didn't have a
whole lot when i was growing up we were
a middle-class family and pretty much
the most stuff i can remember about my
childhood being a small child if it was
dinosaurs or Japanese monster movie
related or science fiction like Star
Wars stuff like that if it was
associated with any of those things I
was in love with it and that was you
know my childhood was was dealing with
things like that and it wasn't until
probably 10 11 years old that I got into
video games real heavily tari 2600
that's when it came out and from there
on out it was all those things plus
video games so all in all as a whole my
childhood was pretty good I don't have
any traumatic experiences other than a
few accidents and all in all a plus
childhood that was a pretty good
question all right here comes our next
question it is from well hardly enough
it's from our friend drifter and he has
a question what is your favorite
dinosaur that counter relates to the
first one a really good question
actually it would be a t-rex
Tyrannosaurus Rex that was probably mine
and a lot of other people's favorite
dinosaur as a kid growing up I mean what
do you not love about a t-rex he's
horrifying he's got gigantic teeth
he just rocked you know so definitely a
t-rex next up is a question also via
Twitter James leash on why did you
choose to be called rock lobster I get
asked that quite often actually so let's
go ahead and get that right out of the
way now I've said it before when I when
it was time to think up a gamertag for
Xbox Live I had just recently watched an
episode of Family Guy where Peter sings
rock a lobster to Cleveland to make him
feel better and that just kind of was
stuck in my head and I'm pretty sure
Xbox and suggested to me some kind of
name with the word lobster in it and
then I thought of rock lobster it's just
a funny song it's a b-52 song b-52 s
from Georgia everyone knows that right
up the road from Athens and I just went
with rock lobster and I had to spell it
different because obviously it was
already taken had I known that I was
going to become uh you know someone on
YouTube and it was going to grow to
where it is now or bigger and I might
have changed my name and came up with
something better but unfortunately you
know I'd already picked the name rock
lobster and it kind of stuck and there
we are today so nothing too fancy right
there with that one family guy that is
my excuse all right my next question is
from tech geek how about said your name
right it's how do you get hooked up with
machinima that is really another good
question that I get asked quite often
get that pretty much almost i would say
every day but almost every other day
somebody wanting to know how i got
involved with machinima so how they can
learn to get involved with machinima and
it was probably late october or early
november of 2009 when i was contacted by
machinima anthony AKA sure wars sent me
a message through youtube from the
actual machinima channel and i still
have that message saved that's kind of
corny but they wanted to or he wanted to
know if I was interested in
joining their network in becoming
something new for this brand new channel
they had called respawn wanted to know
if I was interested in becoming a
machinima respawn director and I have to
say that was a pretty cool experience
I've enjoyed working with all of the
people with machinima and being a part
of the network is really cool as well as
far as other people wanting to become
part of the machinima network I would
have to say the best advice I can give
you is to just concentrate on your
content making your videos making your
channel as best as you possibly can be
as entertaining and relevant as you can
possibly be and let machinima come to
you okay ah don't pester them over and
over and over again about you know
becoming a director you know try to do
your best job at what it is you're doing
whatever type of videos you're creating
and then wait for that attention to come
to you that is the most fulfilling and
wholesome way to do it and I think
you'll be most satisfied by that um this
video is already over I guess I should
have picked a longer video to answer a
few more questions we didn't get that
many done but if you guys like this
format like Q&A questions be sure to let
me know by rating the video and leave
some more questions down below that I
could use in a future episode and I'll
do some more of these I will see you
guys again really soon have a fantastic
day everyone